Fix description of routing priorities with multiple paths (#5533)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/key-concepts/routes/index.md

a new configuration scheme.

The default mode of the router is `traditional_compat` and the

> following sections describe how it is operates.  `traditional_compat`
> mode is designed to behave like the router present in versions before
> release 3.0.  For a description of the `expressions` mode, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
following sections describe how it operates. `traditional_compat`
mode is designed to behave like the router in versions before
{{site.base_gateway}} 3.x. For a description of the `expressions` mode, see
```

   length of their paths. Routes with longer paths are considered
   before routes with shorter paths.

> For a route with multiple paths, each path will be considered
> separately for priority determination.  Effectively, this means that
> separate routes exists for each of the paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a route with multiple paths, each path will be considered
separately for priority determination. Effectively, this means that
separate routes exists for each of the paths.
```
